# Week7 Assignment

## Response to Shoshana Zuboff

 In my understanding, surveillance capitalism refers to the reinvestment cycle in which commercial companies continuously re-optimize their own products and services through the monitoring of user behavior and the collection of user data that is conducive to service upgrading, and finally react on users. Through this process, the company can continuously improve and optimize its own product vulnerability, and make this cycle continue to achieve the maximum benefits. In addition, based on user behavior data service improvement, commercial companies tend to suggest that the user form the habits, change the user's habits, and even guide users to form a new habit () and services for the forecast of the future market development in addition to the upgrade of our products, the user behavior data collection is often surplus condition, it may have to export. Thus, in my opinion, data also becomes a kind of capital, just like gold, oil and dollar. What starts with surveillance ends up being capital, and that's my understanding of surveillance capitalism.

 Zuboff says surveillance capitalism follows the laws of capitalism to some extent. Capitalism creates market dynamics, where land, labor, and so forth are commoditized. Means of production create value through social reproduction. In surveillance capitalism, raw data can be the equivalent of a means of production, and through data reproduction, behavioral data is produced. These behavioral data are added to our existing market dynamics and become a form of capital. Like all other forms of capital, behavioral data has become the engine of interest generation in this day and age. As Zuboff gives the example, artificial intelligence and machine intelligence, prediction products, these are the most capital reproduction of behavioral data. Now, I have a question about the future. Since surveillance capitalism conforms to the laws of capitalism to some extent, will the collection and analysis of data on users' behaviors one day lead to a relationship similar to the capitalist's exploitation of workers? Will businesses further damage users' rights by analyzing and shaping their behavior?
