# Week9 Assignment

## "Radio Lab Right to be forgotten"

The age of the Internet is different from the past. Instead of trying to remember as much as we can, we are hard to forget or be forgotten because almost everything in your life will create trace, which will be recorded digitally. Even if we will forget something, the Internet and other people who have access to your records will remind you of everything. Guidelines for the use of public data should cover both the user and the recorded people, because only by protecting the rights and interests of both parties to which the public data is connected can it truly be called reasonable public data processing. We cannot sacrifice anyone, even if they have a bad past. For the data user, the data user may only obtain part of the data but not all of the data, and cannot carry out the data dissemination and transformation. For example, a company in an interview can only apply to the public data department of the government for the records of employment status and integrity records of the candidate, while the application for the data such as criminal records, requires further declaration and approval. From the perspective of people being recorded, we should focus on the recorded person, try to avoid the impact and harm of bad records on their family life and personal life, and avoid the situations mentioned in this podcast.

The dilemma of dealing with public data is perfectly normal. We cannot predict whether the processing of our public data will have a positive or negative, more negative or more positive impact on society and the recorded. In the last few weeks' assignments, I mentioned the combination of the facial recognition system and the social integrity system in China. A former drug user was picked up by police at a subway station on suspicion of using drugs again. We can see the positive impact of public data in this case: the government can better control citizens and protect the personal safety of other citizens; Perhaps it would be good for individuals, too, for the police to be able to keep tabs on the former users of drugs. But there is no way to know for sure whether such a system has greatly affected the normal life of citizens. As the blog says:

> Chris:"Is the value of having his name there greater than the pain it's causing him for being there?"
> Molly: "But the trick with that question is how do you know what information will be valuable in the future?"

We don't know what will happen on individuals, we are just a datapoint inside an enormous database.

## "The Daily The End of Privacy as we know it?"

The benefits of systems like clearview ai are obvious. There is no doubt that this is a very powerful surveillance system for the federal government. In the process of crime prevention or criminal tracking, such monitoring system can quickly locate the tracked person's Internet trace, such as social media, consumption records, whereabouts and so on. Such a system can undoubtedly greatly improve the efficiency of criminal investigation and ensure the safety of people's lives and property. At the same time, it will be easier to maintain social order through the combination of the social integrity system and the criminal detection system. Of course, while powerful, it is also very dangerous, because when such a system is used illegally, it is very frightening. Because such a system can precisely target each individual, it becomes a very simple and straightforward thing to do. If such a system can be used by all people, from the perspective of individuals, citizens' right to privacy, personal and property security, liberty will be greatly challenged; On the social level, social unrest may even occur.

With a system like this, I think it's a very dangerous thing for those companies to be able to scrape a huge amount of pictures from the Internet. First, from a technical point of view, the amount of data is large enough to increase the number of training of the artificial intelligence model, and the result is an accuracy rate of 99%, an amazing number. Moreover, they are totally unlimited and easy to grab data, which means that our data is almost open and transparent. For the supervision of such enterprises, we should make efforts from the following aspects: 1. Absolutely can't allow the occurrence of the podcast, the company address is false, the information of the person in charge of the company is false such situation, all the information must be true and accurate record, and to be updated in real time. 2. The public information of the society needs to be encrypted, and the data capture must be restricted.
