
The fact that political control is achieved by collecting data is not really a very new thing. I want to take this opportunity, as a people whose data are collected, to talk about what China is doing in this regard. First of all, data collection in China should largely be done by the government. I'm not sure if there are any companies like CA in China, but I guess it's hard for any company in China to get involved in politics through big data -- because politics in China is such a sensitive issue. We can see examples of the Chinese government using data to achieve political control. (All of the following are my personal feeling and speculation, as for Chinese citizens political, sensitive things are not transparent) Many Chinese companies such as Weibo and WeChat, have content audit department, they will work with the national Internet security department of government, to continuously review and do selection, what kind of content can be public, what kind of content is conducive to social stability.

In the early days of the COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan, China faced great risk of social and political stability, because people were in the midst of extreme anger, and there were many comments on the Internet that were not conducive to the communist party's rule, but we can see that these messages quickly evaporated. The central government has maintained social stability through a series of information collection, review and deletion. So we can see that China's data control through data is more centralized, more political and more socialist than the CA example. We don't know if there is such an example like CA in China.
