# Week4: Reading&Podcast Response

## Think of contemporary systems/applications in which data is used to predict the future in order to then act upon it. Compile a list of 3 such situations that come to your mind and describe them briefly.

1. People you may know on social media/Guess what you like in online shopping applications: Social media like Facebook and Instagram will collect users' social media behaviours such as adding friends and comments to predict who the users may know. This function can help the social media company to enhance the users stickness. Similarly, online shopping apps like Taobao and Amazon will collect shopping history and views to predict what users are interests in or what users currently need.

2. Insurance fee standard: Commercial insurance company will collect insurant's health condition/previous insurance records/risk probabilty, etc. to predict the profit of each case.Based on the general evaluation on the client, commercial insurance company will formulate differnet fee standard according to the result of evaluation.

3. Siri shortcuts: IOS will pay attention to users' daily rountine, and automatically form operation shortcuts. For example, a iPhone user alway set a alarm clock to 8am before sleep, Siri will automatically suggests the user to set the alarm clock with only one click before the user go sleep after a long-regular operating habit formation.

## Collect your thoughts on the Prediction and its role in the three above sources. Your associations, opinions and ideas may be complemented by reflections on "collective average vs individual fate", "statistic vs. algorithmic prediction" or "social physics" (but don't feel obliged to discuss these). Express yourself in 300-400 words.

I agree with the idea of "What statistics can't tell us about ourselves": "A mathematical analysis of what it is to be human can take us only so far, and, in a world of uncertainty, statistics will never eradicate doubt. But one thing is for sure: it’s a very good place to start". My opinion on prediction and its role is that prediction is an important reference when we do decide. It is a big-scale framework for us to synthesize resources, rethink probability, maximize the profit and avoid risk. But we cannot fully rely on the prediction.

Prediction can never be a conclusion because it is always a ratio, a number, a percentage that we cannot believe all the time. That is why we can only take prediction as a reference, "a good start". First, the prediction is a result of analyzing trends and probabilities based on sufficient data. For example, from the mathematical point of view, the data distribution of normal distribution is very common. When the number of samples is large enough, the data distribution often presents a normal distribution, that is, the sample of the middle value is high, and the sample values on both sides are low. Predictions based on the normal distribution of the data will give us a "majority", but the minorities on both sides still exist. In my opinion, "collective average" is the majority--in the context of real-life, we will follow the main trends/the high probability from prediction, but can we ignore the "individual fate" that may not in the majority group but stands on the sides?

For instance, the recent outbreak of the virus. People will look at the predicted number of deaths and the predicted number of infections, but even if the mortality rate is low at the end, shouldn't we take action? Can we give up a few data points in a normal distribution? They are Numbers in the prediction, but they are also real human beings. Therefore, I will conclude that prediction is a very powerful tool in the contemporary application in society. We should utilize it in a big picture, in which the effect on the individual can be as tiny as possible. For example, states can decide on social infrastructure investigation according to the predicted benefits. However, when the prediction is on an individual scale, the result of prediction has better to be a reference. The minority report gives me the thoughts that, we cannot predict everyone's behavior even if the big data prediction system is mature in modern society, we cannot sacrifice "individual fate" even if the "collective average" is high enough.
